# Transcripción de "Land low code as a critical tool for skilling today’s workforce | brk42". Autoría Microsoft ignite

Link: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag4w9BseRPM](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ag4w9BseRPM)

## Resumen:

Ryan Cunningham, líder del equipo de Power Apps de Microsoft, dará una charla sobre cómo escalar y capacitar a la fuerza laboral con herramientas de "low code", como la plataforma Power Apps, que está siendo utilizada por casi todas las empresas Fortune 500. Se discutirá un marco para pensar en la escala de low code en una empresa basado en cuatro elementos: seguridad, _engagement_ de los _early adopters_, desarrollo de habilidades e incremento del compromiso. Estas tendencias son necesarias para la transformación digital, la confianza y la seguridad/compliance. Ejemplos exitosos de compañías como H&M, Telstra y Schlumberger han demostrado que es posible innovar a gran escala con el uso de herramientas de low code.

## Puntos Principales:

1. Ryan Cunningham, líder del equipo de Power Apps en Microsoft, hablará sobre cómo escalar y capacitar a la fuerza laboral de hoy con la herramienta de "low code". Según Gartner, el 70 por ciento de los softwares empresariales se desarrollarán con "low code" para 2025. La plataforma Power Apps es ahora la más utilizada y casi todas las empresas Fortune 500 están usando la plataforma, algunos con 10,000 o más personas usando Power Apps cada mes.
2. Low code is becoming more mainstream and companies need to invest in technical skills for their workforce. There are three converging trends that make this a necessitydigital transformation, trust, and compliance/security. Companies need to start investing in low code in order to stay competitive and relevant.
3. Organizations face a difficult challenge in digital transformation, particularly with the tight labor market for technical talent. Low code and low code at scale can help turn these challenges into mutually reinforcing benefits by connecting long tail of business processes, files, and legacy databases to modern platforms, with AI, mobile applications, and enterprise automation, without requiring a new team of software engineers. Microsoft is invested in building and making this technology easier to adopt and use.
4. We will be looking at a framework about how to think about scaling low code across a company. This framework is based on four pointssecuring the environment, engaging early adopters, building skills, and increasing engagement. We will be discussing new innovation from Microsoft, such as Managed Environments for Power Platform, which provides organizations with much more visibility and control over their data.
5. We are launching new product capabilities to help users with their Power Apps Maker experiences, such as an integrated virtual agent that provides all the necessary documentation and training content. It is also connected to champions and other makers in the company so they can offer each other help and create a virtual cycle of human community support, in addition to AI-driven and automated tools.
6. The Power Up program is designed to help create the next million developers by providing intensive multi-week training courses with certifications. The virtual agent in Power Apps Studio provides documentation and can connect people with others for help. Advisors are recognized in the product and can be contacted in Microsoft Teams.
7. Ryan Minor talked about the Power Platform and how it can help organizations scale up their skills. April Dunnam then discussed how they have a broad and diverse community of over 2.8 million monthly active users and over 500 independent user groups worldwide to help organizations with skilling and scaling.
8. Organizations are having success with scaling and skilling initiatives through a mix of grassroots efforts and strategically planned rollouts from center of excellence teams. Companies like H&M, Telstra, and Microsoft have had success with this approach. They use tactics such as Yammer groups, SharePoint sites, welcome emails, newsletters, hackathons, and meetups to foster a culture of creativity, innovation, personalization, and fun.
9. Accenture has established a team and executive sponsorship to successfully roll out their internal scaling and skilling program. They have also taken advantage of Microsoft's training, certification, and campaigns to build up skills within their organization for Power Platform.
10. We at Accenture have implemented several initiatives to help scale up our developers' skills, such as certification programs, a development community on Yammer, and our power suite. The power suite provides makers with tools to manage their platform, and also helps us manage the application lifecycle. We also have a Use Case Review Board to ensure that solutions are aligned to our organizational strategy and governance.
11. Karen Odegaard from Accenture shared how the company is using the Power Platform to create patterns for assessing use cases while maintaining governance and allowing users to create their own applications. H&M Global Retail Company is using the Power Platform to enable everybody to become a software innovator while keeping it safe and responsible.
12. - I applied for a IT internship with Schlumberger in 2018. After many failed interviews, Alan asked me if I was familiar with Power Apps and Power Bi. After I replied no, I was offered the internship. This changed my life and I am now the HR Digital Cell Lead for Schlumberger.
13. I was taught power apps and power platform by Alan, and he gave me a job at Schlumberger. During the pandemic, I built a COVID-19 app in 3 hours to help inform employees. This was possible because of the resources available through online training, hackathons, and the Power Platform community.
14. I built an app for Schlumberger in a limited amount of time by reusing components from other apps to save time. In less than 20 hours after release, the app had already been adopted by 6,000 users, and it was even recognized by Microsoft as the fastest adopted app worldwide. It has since been translated into 10 different languages, and has been updated with new features like vaccination information. Power Platform has changed my life and I'm excited to see what else can be accomplished with it. Alan will now talk more about Schlumberger's digital strategy.
15. :Schlumberger started their low code journey with Power Platform back in 2018 and created an internal community of 8,000 citizen makers. They have 27,000 Power Apps and 47,000 Cloud Flows, which equate to 4 million transactions per day that used to be done manually. Low Code was introduced to balance the demand for digitalization with the dollar spent. As part of their Digital Execution Strategy, they have Digital Cells made up of dedicated resources funded by the business who are trained to use low code to solve business challenges. This distributed model encourages innovation at the edge of the business.
16. Georgia and Alan have identified a process for determining which scenarios are suitable for low code development. This process includes a decision tree, digital playbook, and a partnership between the digital cell and digital studio. The process also includes gathering requirements, discussing with architects, UX design with pro-code, securing backend data access, connecting to corporate information model and applying access control, and finally pushing and deploying the app to the intended audience. This fusion team model has been effective in producing properly designed apps with high user satisfaction.
17. H&M, Telstra, Accenture and Schlumberger have all successfully applied a framework that can help organizations innovate at scale. This framework starts with a strong foundation, identifies champions and early adopters, and helps everyone learn and get engaged in what is possible. Resources are available to help individuals take advantage of the Power Platform, and the next few years will be exciting for those who join the community.
